feat: add environment and regions documentation (#27)
GameFabric/docs: src/multiplayer-servers/getting-started/setup-your-environment.md

# Setup your Environment

In this section you will learn how to setup an Environment and a Region in that Environment.

## Prerequisites

> In order to follow this guide, make sure you have access to ser credentials to access your GameFabric UI with permissions to create Environments and Regions.

Reviewer: `ser` = `user`?

# Setup your Environment

In this section you will learn how to setup an Environment and a Region in that Environment.

## Prerequisites

> In order to follow this guide, make sure you have the following:
> 
> * User credentials to access your GameFabric UI with permissions to create Environments and Regions
> 
> Log into the GameFabric UI before proceeding.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to follow this guide, make sure you have access to ser credentials to access your GameFabric UI with permissions to create Environments and Regions.

Log into the GameFabric UI before proceeding.
```

IMO if there is only one requirement, no need for a bullet point

## Create an Environment

Environments are a mechanism for isolating groups of resources. They can therefore be used to separate production, staging, testing, 
and any other environments and ensure that they don't interfere with each other.

> First, visit the "Environments" section of the UI by clicking the pencil next to Environments in the menu.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First, visit the "Environments" section of the UI by clicking the pencil next to Environments in the sidebar menu.
```

Maybe clearer which menu we talk about this way? Since they might be on a page which already has another menu and they might be dumb

![GUI_Environments.png](images/environment/GUI_Environments.png)

> 
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

Unnecessary newline 🦅

Create a new Environment by clicking the "Create Environment" button.

![GUI_Environments_Create.png](images/environment/GUI_Environments_Create.png)

The name of the Environment uniquely identifies it and is restricted to a maximum of 4 letters. Common names are "prod", "stge" and "dev".
The display name is the human readable name, and the description optionally notes the uses of the Environment. Click the "Create Environment"
when the form is filled out.

> Once the Environment is created, it will appear in the list, and in the menu.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the Environment is created, it appears in the list, and in the menu.
```

If we say "will" it implies that might not happen immediately

## Create a Region

> Regions group Locations where resources will be hosted, typically geographically.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Regions group Locations where resources are hosted, typically geographically.
```

First, visit the "Regions" section in the Environment you wish to create a Region in.

![GUI_Regions.png](images/region/GUI_Regions.png)

Create a new Region by clicking the "Create Region" button.

![GUI_Regions_Create.png](images/region/GUI_Regions_Create.png)

> Give it a name that makes it easy to identify its purpose and a display name to match, then click the "Next" button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Give it a name that makes its purpose explicit and a display name to match, then click the "Next" button.
```

WDYT? I don't know about the phrasing but maybe it's better this way?

![GUI_Regions_Create_Types.png](images/region/GUI_Regions_Create_Types.png)

> Types prioritise how game servers are distributed across the Locations of the Region. For instance, to prioritise Nitrado hosting capacity

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Types prioritize how game servers are distributed across the Locations of the Region. For instance, to prioritize Nitrado hosting capacity
```

en-US in our docs no?

> over more expensive cloud hosting capacity. Each Type can also contain Environment Variables that will be set on all game servers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
over more expensive cloud hosting capacity. Each Type can also contain Environment Variables that are set on all game servers.
```

> Give the Type a name and priority (lower priorities come first) and select the Locations for that type. Optionally set any Environment Variables

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Give the Type a name and priority (lower priorities come first) and select the Locations for that type. Optionally, set any Environment Variables
```

to add to game servers deployed to the selected Locations.

![GUI_Regions_Create_Env.png](images/region/GUI_Regions_Create_Env.png)

> Click "Create Region" to finish creating the Region. The Region can now be used to deploy you game servers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click "Create Region" to finish creating the Region. The Region can now be used to deploy your game servers.
```
